# Repository Structure
A quick look at the various elements in the repository.

---

## Contents
- ULIS
    + [.git](@ref git)
    + [.github](@ref github)
    + [.temp](@ref temp)
    + [3rdparty](@ref l3rdparty)
    + [binding](@ref binding)
    + [documentation](@ref documentation)
    + [example](@ref example)
    + [include](@ref include)
    + [meta](@ref meta)
    + [source](@ref source)
    + [test](@ref test)
    + [tool](@ref tool)
    + .gitignore
    + AUTHORS
    + CMakeLists.txt
    + LICENSE.md
    + README.md
    + ULIS_CLUF.txt
    + ULIS_EULA.txt
    + VERSION

---

##### .git {#git}
Files used locally to store git data.

##### .github {#github}
Contains settings for the github page, like FUNDING.yml used to link the github page to patreon.

##### .temp {#temp}
Contains temporary source files that are deprecated but might be used for reference.

##### 3rdparty {#l3rdparty}
Contains embedded 3rdparty libraries such as:
    + freetype
    + Little-CMS
    + zlib
    + etc...

##### binding {#binding}
Contains bindings for:
    + Python ( pyULIS )
    + UnrealEngine4
    + WebAssembly ( wULIS )

##### documentation {#documentation}
Contains tools, scripts and manuals used to generate the documentation with doxygen, graphviz and python.
- documentation
    + image ( contains images used for the documentation style )
    + snippet ( contains code snippets used in the docs )
    + manual ( contains manual pages listed in "Related Pages" such as this very page )
        + resource ( contains resources such as images used in manual pages )
        + xxx.md ( manual page illustrating a given aspect of the project )
    + .gitignore ( used to ignore the generated output documentation to avoid committing it accidentally )
    + build_documentation.bat ( automated script to build the docs, needs doxygen, graphviz and python available from PATH )
    + Doxyfile ( used to configure Doxygen generation )
    + fixed_svgpan.js ( alternative script to use different controls in autogenerated class diagrams in the API reference )
    + Layoutfile.xml ( used to configure Doxygen generation )
    + postprocess_doc.py ( custom post-processing scrip to run after the doc generation in order to make class diagrams prettier )
    + README.md ( contains instructions to build the doc )
    + style.css ( used to configure the look of the documentation )

##### example {#example}
Contains example projects. Examples are applications using ULIS and Qt or Curses to display an interactive GUI or TUI to illustrate ULIS features.

##### include {#include}
Contains headers for ULIS, needed when doing a release or distribution of the library.

##### meta {#meta}
Contains meta information about the repository such as licenses archives, repository git workflow, logos, etc.

##### source {#source}
Contains source for ULIS, actual implementation of the library, not needed in a release or distribution of the library.

##### test {#test}
Contains test projects. Tests are applications using ULIS and running in a terminal, used to have a simple controlled environment to debug features.

##### tool {#tool}
Contains scripts and tools involved in the project generation or the repository maintenance.
